Mojang just buffed zombies in the newest
Minecraft snapshot. For years, zombies
have had 10 hearts, but there's been a
secret zombie type that you've probably
killed without even knowing, and it's
supposed to have way more health. It's
called a leader zombie, and it looks
exactly the same as a normal zombie, but
when you attack it, it has a really high
chance to spawn in other zombies nearby
that will help it kill you. Leader
zombies can only spawn in hard
difficulty, and they have up to a 5%
chance of spawning depending on the
local difficulty of the area. And
they're supposed to be really tanky, but
they weren't because of a bug.
Basically, Mojang added a random
multiplier to leader zombies maximum
health, allowing them to have up to 50
hearts. But this was just the maximum
health they could have, and Mojang
forgot to actually set their health to
this maximum. So even if they could have
50 hearts, they'd spawn with 10, just
like other zombies. But Mojang just
fixed this. So now you can run into 50
heart zombies. And if you're unlucky,
they can have weapons, armor, and be
babies.